The VHA provides healthcare
to nearly six million Veterans and their families,
and it is well known that VHA Logistics
is a major contributor to the mission of VHA.
In addition to running the supply chain
for the Veterans Health Administration,
VHA Logistics also provide equipment management support
to VBA and NCA, under the auspices
of an established memorandum of understanding, or MOU,
between the three administrations.
It is important to understand
the relationship these areas have with each other,
and how they contribute across the supply chain.
Select each box in the organizational chart
to learn more about these logistical areas and roles.